Random.

First, the the maze begins in the top left with a single square. Next, the following step is repeated:
The valid places the maze could expand into from the previously opened space are computed. Those places are stored in a container that will
hold all the possible expansions for the maze. All these potential expansions are shown in blue. I then chose one at random, have the maze fill
in the space, and repeat the process.

Depth First.

This approach will extend the maze at random as far as it can go with a single path, then choose
the closest free square to where it ended and repeat the process from there. Basically, this
algorithm tries to keep the maze creation action as far from the start of the maze as possible.
This algorithm takes in a square, and tries to paint each of its adjacent valid spaces.
But before it can move on from painting the first space, every possible extension from that space must run its course.

Walker.

This approach can take a while to get started! The maze begins in the top corner, and a random walker
begins stumbling around the maze, starting one space removed from the maze. Its path is showed in blue.
If the random walker intersects with the maze at any point, the path is saved, and another walker is created.
If the walker intersects its own path, its path is chopped off at that point. This algorithm moves very quickly once it gets started
because there are more opportunities for the walker to intersect with the maze.

Heap.

Here, the maze is generated using the heap data structure, also known as a priority queue.
Potential spaces that the maze can expand into are given a random value, and the space with the lowest value
is used to continue the maze. Using a heap is not necessary to achieve this functionality, but makes it as efficient and fast as possible.
The algorithm has a directional feel to the way it grows, similar to the depth first approach.
This happens despite using randomness to select moves, because paths with low priorities will wait for a very long time before they are filled,
while the maze extends between them.
